------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-= Service Name: Compound =-
-= Service Type: DApp or Service =-

-= This information was updated and correct as of: 30/08/2020 =-

-= Note: This section accesses my Wallet and guides on the removal of Assets
Please follow the instructions carefully =-

Compound is a DApp that allows its users to lend or borrow Assets. If a user lends Assets
they earn interest on that Asset. If a user want to borrow Assets they need to offer
collateral in the form of Assets order to do so.

The aim of this section is to remove the assets I have lent through Compound and return
them to the Wallet and Dapp Gateway.

Within this section of the document we will cover the following topics.

-= Connect to Compound =-
-= Withdraw Assets from being Lent =-

These may be referenced in other sections from other services in this document.
These topics may not be conducted in order and may need to be conducted multiple times
throughout this document.

-= Connect to Compound =-

In your internet browser search/ address bar type: "compound.finance".

Press Enter to access the website.

Click "App" in the top right corner.

Once clicked the Wallet and DApp Gateway may automatically cause a new screen to pop-up.
If this does not occur you will need to manually select the Wallet and DApp Gateway
that has been previously  set-up in this document.

A new screen will pop-up asking for permission for the website to interact with the
Wallet and Dapp Gateway.

Select account with my Ethereum Address.

Click Connect.

If successful, the page will reload and the top and centre of the webpage will
say "Dashboard" and "vote". 

-= Withdraw Assets from being Lent =-

Scrolling down further on the webpage there will be a number a sections of the webpage.
On the left hand  there is one section with the title "Supply".  There are Assets listed 
in the "Supply" section that have a column named "Balance" which displays the value I 
have stored with Compound. There is another column named "Collateral" with a toggle 
switch displayed for each Asset. The Assets within this "Supply" section with the toggle 
switch to the left and greyed out are the Assets that you will be removing and sending
to the Wallet and DApp Gateway.

Note: Be careful not to be confused with the section below the "Supply" section labelled 
as "All Markets" with one of the columns labelled as "Wallet" instead of "Balance".
I do not have Assets in that section within Compound.

The process for removal is the same for each Asset in Compound, please follow the below
steps for each Asset listed

Click the Asset in the "Supply" section.

An in screen pop-up will appear with the name of the selected  Asset as a title.

Click the "Withdraw" text located at next to the "Supply" text in the top third of the 
pop-up. The "Withdraw" text should be highlighted in screen when clicked.

Click "Max" located just above the "Withdraw text". 

Scroll down to the bottom of the pop-up and click "Withdraw".

A new pop-up will be on the screen with the title "Confirm Transaction". 

 You need to Confirm the transaction with the Wallet and DApp Gateway. As the Wallet and
 DApp Gateway was connected previously another pop-up of the Wallet and DApp Gateway
 will appear on the screen.

Click Confirm on the new Wallet and DApp Gateway pop-up.

The Transaction will be submitted to withdraw the Asset and it now needs to be
approved by the Ethereum Blockchain. Approval can take seconds, minutes, hours or days
depending on how many Transactions globally are awaiting approval.

The  Wallet and Dapp Gateway will give confirmation when the Transaction has
been approved.

If the Transaction is rejected try the above steps again.

Once approved the Asset will now have been successfully transferred the connected
Wallet and DApp Gateway.

Repeat this process for the remaining Assets in the "Supply" section.

This is the end of the Compound section.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
