------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-= Service Name: PoolTogether =-
-= Service Type: DApp or Service =-

-= This information was updated and correct as of: 31/08/2020 =-

-= Note: This section accesses my Wallet and guides on the removal of Assets
Please follow the instructions carefully =-

PoolTogether is a DApp that is essentially a loss-less lottery. After purchasing tickets
with Ethereum Assets the ticket is placed in a lottery draw every week. If ticket
matches the draw ticket then the jackpot is own. Win or lose the ticket remains in
next draw until the ticket is cashed out by the purchaser for the same value that
it was bought for.


The aim of this section is to remove the Assets I have in PoolTogether and return them
to the Wallet and Dapp Gateway.

Within this section of the document we will cover the following topics.

-= Connect to PoolTogether =-
-= Remove "Tickets" from PoolTogether =-

These may be referenced in other sections from other services in this document.
These topics may not be conducted in order and may need to be conducted multiple times
throughout this document.

-= Connect to PoolTogether =-

In your internet browser search/ address bar type: "pooltogether.com".

Press Enter to access the website.

Click "App" in the top right corner.

Click "Connect Wallet" in the top right corner.

Once clicked, click on the Wallet and DApp Gateway being used.

A new screen will pop-up asking for permission for the website to interact with the
Wallet and DApp Gateway.

Select account with my Ethereum Address.

Click Connect.

If successful, the page will reload and in the top right hand corner there will be a
shortened version of my Address and the name of the Wallet and DApp Gateway being used
under it. Below this there is the amount of "Tickets" I own.

-= Remove "Tickets" from PoolTogether =-

Click on the the "You have "X" Tickets" displayed in the top right corner.

The page will reload with Different pool options.

The ones that you are interested in are the ones with "Tickets" in them.

You will need to do the following process for each "Ticket option" with "Tickets"
in them.

Chose a "Ticket option" with "Tickets" in them.

Click "View" on the righter most column of the "Ticket Option".

An in page element will load in the centre of the webpage.

Click "Withdraw" on the bottom left of this element.

This will load a new element where you can input the amount of tickets that you want
to remove.

Click on the "Max" text above and to the right of the text input field

All the "Tickets" I had associated with this "Ticket option" will now be in the text
input field.

There will be a new element that loads asking if you are sure. Click the  "Yes, withdraw"
button on the bottom right of the element.
A new pop-up will be on the screen with the title "Confirm Transaction".

You need to Confirm the transaction with the Wallet and DApp Gateway. As the Wallet
and DApp Gateway was connected previously another pop-up of the Wallet and DApp Gateway
will appear on the screen.

Click Confirm on the new Wallet and DApp Gateway pop-up.

The Transaction will be submitted to withdraw the Asset and it now needs to be
approved by the Ethereum Blockchain. Approval can take seconds, minutes, hours or days
depending on how many Transactions globally are awaiting approval.

The  Wallet and Dapp Gateway will give confirmation when the Transaction has
been approved.

If the Transaction is rejected try the above steps again.

Once approved the Asset initially traded for the "Tickets" will now have been
successfully transferred the connected Wallet and DApp Gateway.

Repeat the above steps for each of the "Ticket options" with "Tickets" in them.

End of PoolTogether section.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
