------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-= Service Name: Uniswap =-
-= Service Type: Token Exchange =-

-= This information was updated and correct as of: 30/08/2020 =-

-= Note: This section accesses my Wallet and guides on the removal of Ether and Assets
Please follow the instructions carefully =-

Uniswap is a DApp with its main purpose being a Token exchange. Uniswap allows the
transfer of one type of Ethereum based Token to another type Ethereum based Token.
Within this section of the document we will cover the following topics.

-= Connect to Uniswap =-
-= Transfer Tokens to Ether =-
-= Tokens to Transfer =-

These may be referenced in other sections from other services in this document.
These topics may not be conducted in order and may need to be conducted multiple times
throughout this document.

-=Connect to Uniswap =-

In your internet browser search/ address bar type: "uniswap.org".

Press Enter to access the website.

Click "Launch App".

Click "Connect Wallet" in the top right hand corner.

In the options select the Wallet identified in the Wallet and Dapp Gateway section of
this document.

A new screen will pop-up asking for login-in details for your Wallet and Dapp Gateway.

Log-in to you Wallet and Dapp in the pop-up screen with your Wallet and Dapp
Gateway password.

Select account with my Ethereum Address.

Click Connect.

If successful, on the Uniswap page the "Connect Wallet" button will be replaced with
my Ethereum Address.

-= Transfer Tokens to Ether =-

This section will allow for the transfer of a selection of Assets to Ether.

Note: The list of Assets/ Tokens to go through this process will be identified in the
next section, labelled = Tokens to Transfer =-. Within this section it will recommend
what you need to type in the "Select Token" search box to identify the correct token.

In the centre of the web-page there is a box with "Swap" highlighted at the top of it.
There is a "From" and "To (estimated)" section in this box. The "From" section
will be used to select the tokens that will be traded for Ether. By default "ETH" is
in the "From" section.

Click "ETH".

This will open a box on the webpage with the title "Select Token".

Use the text search box to find the Tokens identified in the
-= Tokens to Transfer =- section.

Type the "Recommended Search Text" for each Token to find the correct Token.
The Token will appear in it's shortened name, for example Ethereum goes to ETH.

Click the shortened form of the Token name.

This will bring you back to the web-page with the centred box with "Swap" highlighted.

The Token you selected will now be identified in the "From" section.

Click the button labelled "Max". This will make sure all the Tokens of that type of Token
 I own are traded to Ether.

In the "To (estimated) section click the "Select Token" button.

Search "Ether" in the "Search Token" box that appears.

Click on the Token labelled "ETH".

The "Search Token" box will close and you will be brought back to the web-page with the
centred box with "Swap" highlighted.

There will now be an estimation of how much Ether the identified Token will swap for.
This may not be exactly the amount that will be sent to the Wallet and Dapp Gateway.

Click "Swap".

Click "Confirm Swap".

A new screen will pop-up asking for the Wallet and Dapp Gateway to confirm
the Transaction.

Click "Confirm".

The Transaction will be submitted for the transfer of the Token and it now needs to be
approved by the Ethereum Blockchain. Approval can take seconds, minutes, hours or days
depending on how many Transactions are awaiting approval.

The  Wallet and Dapp Gateway will give confirmation when the Transaction has
been approved.

If the Transaction is rejected try the above steps again.

Once approved the Token will now have been successfully transferred to Ether.

-= Tokens to Transfer =-

!!! NOTE FOR AUTHOR: Copy and complete the token template seen below as many times as
required for the Tokens to be traded to Ether using Uniswap. Complete the template and
delete this NOTE FOR AUTHOR and any unused Token templates. END OF NOTE FOR AUTHOR !!!

Use the process identified in the -= Transfer Tokens to Ether =- section for each
of the Tokens listed below. Doing one Token at a time.

Use the "Recommended Search Text" in the text field when searching for the Token.

Check you have selected the correct token by checking it has the same shortened name
as I have identified.

Repeat the process for each Token below.
------------------------------------------
Token Name:
Recommended Search Text:
Shortened  Name:
------------------------------------------

There are no more tokens to add.

This is the end of the Uniswap section.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
